Milestone 2 Reflection
================

We created a dashboard that visualizes some trends of movies and TV
shows in Netflix. Our first plot is the world plot of number of content
produced worldwide. The second plot depicts the top directors in terms
of number of content directed, and the third plot shows the distribution
of movies/TV shows.

### Plot Interactivity

All of the plots contain interactivity. The world map has a tooltip that
shows the country name, content release year and count of occurences per
country. The director bar plot also contain a tool tip and opacity
interactivity. Furthermore, the duration plot contains axes
interactivity.

### Widgets

First, we have implemented a drop-down menu containing different genres
of the content for the director and the duration plots. Second, we have
implemented a year slidebar to show the differences in production of
content, content directors and duration of content over the years.
Moreover, since the content has different duration type depending on
whether it is a movie or a TV show, we have implemented separated tabs
showing the differences in duration type.

### Limitations and Future Additions

In this milestone, we have spent a lot of time on exploring and
wrangling the data, and therefore there a lot of future additions that
we would like to add to our dashboard.

Although the current implemented dashboard performs well in terms of the
plot interactivity and widgets described above, there are some
limitations that we would like to address by future additions as
described below:

-   Adding the selection between movie and TV shows for the world map
    and director plots.

-   Filtering by genre for the world map.

-   Using boxplots for the duration plot, with genre on one of the axes.

-   Add rating selection widget.

-   Adding a word cloud for the titles of the movies.

-   Modifying the background colour, text colour, widget colour, and
    overall theme aesthetics.

-   Adding a couple of the most popular movie/ TV show images.
